alternative replacement on your 2000
pontiac grand prix 2.4 liter 15
millimeter wrench put it down here on
the bolt slipped up on it lift up like
that and pull the belt off so the belt
off you lift it up right through here
kind of a tight ship but just like that
there's going to disconnect the battery
usually 8 millimeter or 5/16 lefty
loosey righty tighty take the negative
cable off we can go over here to the
alternator got the belt off as
previously shown and they can disconnect
this 13 millimeter bolt here for the
battery positive then we have a 15
millimeter bolt here and a 15 millimeter
bolt down there got my socket down on
the hole and I'm loosening that first
bolt now this hose can be pretty stiff
over time so you have to work it or if
the wrench and socket or work should
socket through there a little bit but
little effort you can get it through
there and then loosen up this bolt and
there's out the socket move to the
second one
like so and we'll just continue to the
third one down there so here's the
alternator you see it's got a slot so
actually that tough bolt to get to you
don't need to take it all the way out
maybe three or four turns as a guess be
enough to slide the alternator out just
use a screwdriver to get this connector
off the back of the alternator and we're
good to go here's some of the basic
tools I'll be using to remove the
alternator and/or tensioner on the shop
15 millimeter deep
I have medium sockets medium deep
sockets I'll be using those probably and
then 13 millimeter and 15 millimeter
wrenches should allow you to get the job
done back on whatever they will be
pretty true on it
so I'm happy with it